being a leader can give you flexibility when it comes time to alter your
work schedule in when you say your work schedule also implying that
that's your team's work schedule obviously you shouldn't be creating
different working hours for yourself that are also online with your
team's working hours so you know if you're coming in late and leaving
early but you're you're expecting your team to come in early and
leaving late I mean that's completely the opposite of what should
be happening if anything is a leader you should probably be the one
that's there before everybody else and more than likely you're going
to be there after everybody leaves just to make sure everything's
kind of buttoned up and close down and and put away properly so but
you know as you move up in your leadership positions you should be able
to get more flexibility in adjusting your working hours that you're
still meeting mission objectives as well as balancing that that
work and and played live stock